In the section on micro services until now we have created three simple micro services currency calculation
service the currency exchange service and the limits.
Service typically in a micro services architecture you'd have 100 of my services that are talking to
each other and there are common features that we would need to implement for all these micro services.
You would want to make sure that every call to every micro service is authenticated.
A check is done on the authorization whether the user has the right permissions.
You also want to implement things like rate limit for a specific client.
You would only want to allow certain number of calls per hour or per day they might be limits like that
present you'd want all these micro services to be fault tolerant if there is a service that I am depended
on and it's not up I should be able to give some default response back and in a typical micro service
environment they should also be some kind of service aggregation that should be provided.
Let's say there is an external consumer who wants to call 15 different services as part of one process.
It's better to aggregate those 15 services and provide one service call for the external consumer.
So these are kinds of features that are common across all  the micro services and these are features
which are implemented at the level of API  gateways instead of allowing micro services to call each other directly
what we will do is we would make all the calls go through a API gateway and the API gateway would take
care of providing common features like authentication making sure that all service calls are logged making
sure that the rate limits are at the two and making sure that these services are fault.
tolerence.
The API gateways can also provide aggregation services around multiple services because all calls get routed
through the API gateways it a gateways.
Also as a great place for debugging as well as doing analytics in the short video we tried to get an
overview of why API gateways are important in a Micro service architecture.
The next step we would implement a simple API gateway using Zuul Z U U L I'll see you in
the next step.